you've shown flashes are really being
able to shoot it to me on how about
faculty jacobs over morrow
for numbers Eliza Stuart catch and
shoots 76 started the project in over
their first eight and there on defense
here eight in line Hawks he subbed in
before our media timeout it's the only
reason Ryan will cover up his own
mistake throw it off the glass of sake
cups what is it with the follow so you
give themselves some added motivation
for the contest against arizona area
able to go with packbow delegation to
china here's rinehart's on the move
running jacobs and give another
assistant you in jacobs played against
the Washington's and then us lob to the
rim denied euro unable to get it from
Clark who comes Jacobs again while you
destroy that if you're Andrews Gillian
Jacobs no Clark yes Missy Clark push
Reinhardt out of the way you got 15 of
his 18 at UCLA in the second half rip
tyr Reinhardt no look over the shoulder
Jacobs extra pass Martin
burnt it back over Martin jovanovic and
they get the dunk anyway win his second
made three marchetti acids slow a
winter's turnover leads to a Marchetti
run-outs offense to the team and
everything is being paid attention to
Andrew a roof Stewart knocks down
another three jb put a little more on
team success than most mark a no-no
Stewart oh yeah chance to bring it back
to single digits Martin he's gotten out
of transition was so
maybe an NBA player to a lottery pick
based on a senior year reinhart to shake
up to adjust slowly here comes Jacobs
maybe this another assist to his tunnel
you bet Southern California Manhattan
Beach guy and he gets in on the floor at
USC a walk-on to finish the night for
you duh but a 15-point win for Andy
Enfield and the Trojans improved 23 and
14 pac-12 surpassing last year's total